src/README.md, before:

### Solution for LeetCode algorithm problems, continually updating.

|ID|Title && solution|Coefficient of difficulty|remarks|
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|0001|[Two Sum](./0001_two_sum/twosum.go)|Easy|*`array;`*  *`lookup table`*|
|0002|[Add Two Numbers](0002_add_two_numbers/add_two_numbers.go)|Medium|*`linked list`*|
|0003|[Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](0003_longest_substring_without_repeating_characters/longest_substring_without_repeating_characters.go)|Medium|*`sliding window`*|
|0004|[4. Median of Two Sorted Arrays](0004_median_of_two_sorted_arrays/motsa.go)|Hard|*`binary search`*|
|0007|[7. Reverse Integer](0007_reverse_integer/reverse_integer.go)|Easy|*`math`*|
|0009|[9. Palindrome Number](0009_palindrome_number/palindrome_number.go)|Easy|*`math`*|
|0011|[11. Container With Most Water](0011_container_with_most_water/container_with_most_water.go)|Medium|*`array;`*  *`double index`*|
|0013|[13. Roman to Integer](0013_roman_to_integer/roman_to_integer.go)|Easy|*`math`*|
|0014|[14. Longest Common Prefix](0014_longest_common_prefix/lcp.go)|Easy||
|0017|[Letter Combinations of a Phone Number](0017_letter_combination_of_a_phone_number/letter_combination_of_phone_number.go)|Medium|*`tree`*|
|0020|[Valid Parentheses](0020_valid_parentheses/valid_parentheses.go)|Easy|*`string;`* *`stack`*|
|0021|[Merge Two Sorted Lists](0021_merge_two_sorted_lists/mergeTwoLists.go)|Easy|*`linked list`*|
|0025|[Reverse Nodes in k-Group](./0025_reverse_nodes_in_k_group/reverse_node_k_group.go)|Hard|*`linked list`*|
|0026|[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](0026_remove_duplicates_from_sorted_array/rdfsa.go)|Easy|*`array;`*  *`double index`*|
|0027|[Remove Element](0027_remove_element/remove_element.go)|Easy|*`array`*|
|0033|[Search in Rotated Sorted Array](0033_search_in_rotated_sorted_array/search_in_rotated_sorted_array.go)|Medium|*`binary search`*|
|0034|[ Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](0034_find_first_and_last_position_of_element_in_sorted_array/find_first_and_last_position_of_element_in_sorted_array.go)|Medium|*`binary search`*|
|0061|[Rotate List](./0061_rotate_list/rotate_list.go)|Medium|*`linked list`*|
|0062|[Unique Paths](./0062_unique_paths/unique_paths.go)|Medium|*`recursion;`* *`memory search;`* *`dynamic programming`*|
|0063|[Unique Paths 2](./0063_unique_paths_2/unique_paths2.go)|Medium|*`recursion;`* *`memory search;`* *`dynamic programming`*|
|0064|[Minimum Path Sum](./0064_minimum_path_sum/minimum_path_sum.go)|Medium|*`dynamic programming;`* *` dfs`*|
|0067|[add Binary](./0067_add_binary/add_binary.go)|Easy||
|0069|[Sqrt(x)](0069_sqrtx/sqrtx.go)|Easy|*`binary search`*|
|0070|[Climbing Stairs](./0070_climbing_stairs/climbing_stairs.go)|Easy|*`dynamic programming`*|
|0075|[75. Sort Colors](0075_sort_colors/sort_colors.go)|Medium|*`sort`*|
|0076|[Minimum Window Substring](./0076_minimum_window_substring/minimum_window_substring.go)|Hard|*`sliding window`*|
|0080|[80. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II](0080_remove_duplicates_from_sorted_array2/rdfsa2.go)|Medium|*`double index`*|
|0088|[88. Merge Sorted Array](0088_merge_sorted_array/msa.go)|Easy|*`sort`*|
|0094|[Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](./0094_binary_tree_inorder_traversal/binary_tree_inorder_traversal.go)|Medium|*`binary tree`*|
|0100|[Same Tree](./0100_same_tree/same_tree.go)|Easy|*`binary tree`*|
|0101|[Symmetric Tree](./0101_symmetric_tree/symmetric_tree.go)|Easy|*`stack;`* *`recursion; `* *`iterative`*|
|0107|[Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II](./0107_binary_tree_level_order_traversal_2/binary_tree_level_order_traversal2.go)|Easy|*`binary tree`*|
|0111|[Minimum Depth of Binary Tree](./0111_minimum_depth_of_binary_tree/minimum_depth_of_binary_tree.go)|Easy|*`binary tree`*|
|0112|[Path Sum](./0112_path_sum/path_sum.go)|Easy|*`binary tree`*|
|0120|[Triangle](./0120_triangle/triangle.go)|Medium|*`dynamic programming;`* *` dfs`*|
|0121|[121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](0121_best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock/maxprofit.go)|Easy||
|0122|[122. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II](0122_best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock_2/maxprofit.go)|Easy|*`greedy`*|
|0125|[Valid Palindrome](0125_valid_palindrome/valid_palindrome.go)|Easy||
|0167|[Two Sum II - Input array is sorted](./0167_two_sum2/two_sum2.go)|Easy|*`对撞指针(双索引)`*|
|0198|[House Robber](./0198_house_robber/house_robber.go)|Easy|*`memory search;`* *`dynamic programming`*|
|0209|[Minimum Size Subarray Sum](./0209_minimum_size_subarray_sum/minimum_size_subarray_sum.go)|Medium|*`sliding window`*|
|0215|[215. Kth Largest Element in an Array](0215_kth_largest_element_in_an_array/kthleiaa.go)|Medium|*`sort`*|
|0226|[Invert Binary Tree](./0226_invert_binary_tree/invert_binary_tree.go)|Easy|*`recursion; `* *`binary tree`*|
|0283|[Move Zeroes(solution1)](./0283_move_zeroes/move_zeroes.go) <br/>  [Move Zeroes(solution2)](./0283_move_zeroes/move_zeroes2.go)|Easy|*`array`*|
|0300|[Longest Increasing Subsequence](./0300_longest_increasing_subsequence/lis.go)|Medium|*`dp`*|
|0303|[303. Range Sum Query - Immutable](0303_range_sum_query/rsqim.go)|Easy||
|0343|[Integer Break](./0343_integer_break/integer_break.go)|Medium|*`recursion;`* *`memory search;`* *`dynamic programming`*|
|0344|[344. Reverse String](0344_reverse_string/reverse_string.go)|Easy|*`double index`*|
|0345|[345. Reverse Vowels of a String](0345_reverse_vowels_of_a_string/reverse_vowels.go)|Easy|*`double index`*|
|0349|[Intersection of Two Arrays](./0349_intersection_of_2_arrays/intersection_of_two_arrays.go)|Easy|*`set`*|
|0350| [Intersection of Two Arrays II](./0350_intersection_of_two_arrays2/intersection_of_two_arrays2.go)|Easy|*`map`*|
|0376|[Wiggle Subsequence](./0376_wiggle_subsequence/wiggle_subsequence.go)|Medium|*`dp`*|
|0392|[Is Subsequence](./0392_is_subsequence/is_subsequence.go)|Medium|*`greedy algorithm`*|
|0416|[Partition Equal Subset Sum](./0416_partition_equal_subset_sum/partition_equal_subset_sum.go)|Medium|*`dp;`* *`0-1 knapsack problem`*|
|0435|[Non-overlapping Intervals(dp solution)](./0435_non_overlapping_intervals/dp_solution.go)   <br/>[Non-overlapping Intervals(greedy solution)](./0435_non_overlapping_intervals/greedy_solution.go)|Medium|*`dp;`* *`0-1 knapsack problem`*|
|0438|[ Find All Anagrams in a String](./0438_all_anagrams_in_a_string/all_anagrams_in_a_string.go)|Easy|*`sliding window`*|
|0447|[Number of Boomerangs](./0447_number_of_boomerangs/number_of_boomerangs.go)|Easy||
|0454|[4Sum II](./0454_4sum2/4sum2.go)|Medium||
|0455|[Assign Cookies](./0455_assign_cookies/assign_cookies.go)|Easy|*`greedy algorithm`*|
|0674|[674. Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence](0674_longest_continuous_increasing_subsequence/lcis.go)|Easy||
|0704|[Binary Search](0704_binary_search/binary_search.go)|Easy|*`binary search`*|
|0713|[713. Subarray Product Less Than K](0713_subarray_product_less_than_k/spltk.go)|Medium|*`sliding window`*|
|0717|[717. 1-bit and 2-bit Characters](0717_1_bit_and_2_bit_characters/1bitand2bitc.go)|Easy||
|0728|[Self Dividing Numbers](./0728_self_dividing_numbers/self_dividing_numbers.go)|Easy||
|0747|[Largest Number At Least Twice of Others](./0747_largest_number_at_least_twice_of_others/largest_number_at_least_twice_of_others.go)|Easy||

Commit message:

19. Remove Nth Node From End of List (#30)
* 19 solved.

* fix comments bug

src/README.md, after:

### Solution for LeetCode algorithm problems, continually updating.

|ID|Title && solution|Coefficient of difficulty|remarks|
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|0001|[Two Sum](./0001_two_sum/twosum.go)|Easy|*`array;`*  *`lookup table`*|
|0002|[Add Two Numbers](0002_add_two_numbers/add_two_numbers.go)|Medium|*`linked list`*|
|0003|[Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](0003_longest_substring_without_repeating_characters/longest_substring_without_repeating_characters.go)|Medium|*`sliding window`*|
|0004|[4. Median of Two Sorted Arrays](0004_median_of_two_sorted_arrays/motsa.go)|Hard|*`binary search`*|
|0007|[7. Reverse Integer](0007_reverse_integer/reverse_integer.go)|Easy|*`math`*|
|0009|[9. Palindrome Number](0009_palindrome_number/palindrome_number.go)|Easy|*`math`*|
|0011|[11. Container With Most Water](0011_container_with_most_water/container_with_most_water.go)|Medium|*`array;`*  *`double index`*|
|0013|[13. Roman to Integer](0013_roman_to_integer/roman_to_integer.go)|Easy|*`math`*|
|0014|[14. Longest Common Prefix](0014_longest_common_prefix/lcp.go)|Easy||
|0017|[Letter Combinations of a Phone Number](0017_letter_combination_of_a_phone_number/letter_combination_of_phone_number.go)|Medium|*`tree`*|
|0019|[19. Remove Nth Node From End of List](0019_remove_nth_node_from_end_of_list/remove_nth_node_from_end_of_list.go)|Medium|*`linked list`*|
|0020|[Valid Parentheses](0020_valid_parentheses/valid_parentheses.go)|Easy|*`string;`* *`stack`*|
|0021|[Merge Two Sorted Lists](0021_merge_two_sorted_lists/mergeTwoLists.go)|Easy|*`linked list`*|
|0025|[Reverse Nodes in k-Group](./0025_reverse_nodes_in_k_group/reverse_node_k_group.go)|Hard|*`linked list`*|
|0026|[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](0026_remove_duplicates_from_sorted_array/rdfsa.go)|Easy|*`array;`*  *`double index`*|
|0027|[Remove Element](0027_remove_element/remove_element.go)|Easy|*`array`*|
|0033|[Search in Rotated Sorted Array](0033_search_in_rotated_sorted_array/search_in_rotated_sorted_array.go)|Medium|*`binary search`*|
|0034|[ Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](0034_find_first_and_last_position_of_element_in_sorted_array/find_first_and_last_position_of_element_in_sorted_array.go)|Medium|*`binary search`*|
|0061|[Rotate List](./0061_rotate_list/rotate_list.go)|Medium|*`linked list`*|
|0062|[Unique Paths](./0062_unique_paths/unique_paths.go)|Medium|*`recursion;`* *`memory search;`* *`dynamic programming`*|
|0063|[Unique Paths 2](./0063_unique_paths_2/unique_paths2.go)|Medium|*`recursion;`* *`memory search;`* *`dynamic programming`*|
|0064|[Minimum Path Sum](./0064_minimum_path_sum/minimum_path_sum.go)|Medium|*`dynamic programming;`* *` dfs`*|
|0067|[add Binary](./0067_add_binary/add_binary.go)|Easy||
|0069|[Sqrt(x)](0069_sqrtx/sqrtx.go)|Easy|*`binary search`*|
|0070|[Climbing Stairs](./0070_climbing_stairs/climbing_stairs.go)|Easy|*`dynamic programming`*|
|0075|[75. Sort Colors](0075_sort_colors/sort_colors.go)|Medium|*`sort`*|
|0076|[Minimum Window Substring](./0076_minimum_window_substring/minimum_window_substring.go)|Hard|*`sliding window`*|
|0080|[80. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II](0080_remove_duplicates_from_sorted_array2/rdfsa2.go)|Medium|*`double index`*|
|0088|[88. Merge Sorted Array](0088_merge_sorted_array/msa.go)|Easy|*`sort`*|
|0094|[Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](./0094_binary_tree_inorder_traversal/binary_tree_inorder_traversal.go)|Medium|*`binary tree`*|
|0100|[Same Tree](./0100_same_tree/same_tree.go)|Easy|*`binary tree`*|
|0101|[Symmetric Tree](./0101_symmetric_tree/symmetric_tree.go)|Easy|*`stack;`* *`recursion; `* *`iterative`*|
|0107|[Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II](./0107_binary_tree_level_order_traversal_2/binary_tree_level_order_traversal2.go)|Easy|*`binary tree`*|
|0111|[Minimum Depth of Binary Tree](./0111_minimum_depth_of_binary_tree/minimum_depth_of_binary_tree.go)|Easy|*`binary tree`*|
|0112|[Path Sum](./0112_path_sum/path_sum.go)|Easy|*`binary tree`*|
|0120|[Triangle](./0120_triangle/triangle.go)|Medium|*`dynamic programming;`* *` dfs`*|
|0121|[121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](0121_best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock/maxprofit.go)|Easy||
|0122|[122. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II](0122_best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock_2/maxprofit.go)|Easy|*`greedy`*|
|0125|[Valid Palindrome](0125_valid_palindrome/valid_palindrome.go)|Easy||
|0167|[Two Sum II - Input array is sorted](./0167_two_sum2/two_sum2.go)|Easy|*`对撞指针(双索引)`*|
|0198|[House Robber](./0198_house_robber/house_robber.go)|Easy|*`memory search;`* *`dynamic programming`*|
|0209|[Minimum Size Subarray Sum](./0209_minimum_size_subarray_sum/minimum_size_subarray_sum.go)|Medium|*`sliding window`*|
|0215|[215. Kth Largest Element in an Array](0215_kth_largest_element_in_an_array/kthleiaa.go)|Medium|*`sort`*|
|0226|[Invert Binary Tree](./0226_invert_binary_tree/invert_binary_tree.go)|Easy|*`recursion; `* *`binary tree`*|
|0283|[Move Zeroes(solution1)](./0283_move_zeroes/move_zeroes.go) <br/>  [Move Zeroes(solution2)](./0283_move_zeroes/move_zeroes2.go)|Easy|*`array`*|
|0300|[Longest Increasing Subsequence](./0300_longest_increasing_subsequence/lis.go)|Medium|*`dp`*|
|0303|[303. Range Sum Query - Immutable](0303_range_sum_query/rsqim.go)|Easy||
|0343|[Integer Break](./0343_integer_break/integer_break.go)|Medium|*`recursion;`* *`memory search;`* *`dynamic programming`*|
|0344|[344. Reverse String](0344_reverse_string/reverse_string.go)|Easy|*`double index`*|
|0345|[345. Reverse Vowels of a String](0345_reverse_vowels_of_a_string/reverse_vowels.go)|Easy|*`double index`*|
|0349|[Intersection of Two Arrays](./0349_intersection_of_2_arrays/intersection_of_two_arrays.go)|Easy|*`set`*|
|0350| [Intersection of Two Arrays II](./0350_intersection_of_two_arrays2/intersection_of_two_arrays2.go)|Easy|*`map`*|
|0376|[Wiggle Subsequence](./0376_wiggle_subsequence/wiggle_subsequence.go)|Medium|*`dp`*|
|0392|[Is Subsequence](./0392_is_subsequence/is_subsequence.go)|Medium|*`greedy algorithm`*|
|0416|[Partition Equal Subset Sum](./0416_partition_equal_subset_sum/partition_equal_subset_sum.go)|Medium|*`dp;`* *`0-1 knapsack problem`*|
|0435|[Non-overlapping Intervals(dp solution)](./0435_non_overlapping_intervals/dp_solution.go)   <br/>[Non-overlapping Intervals(greedy solution)](./0435_non_overlapping_intervals/greedy_solution.go)|Medium|*`dp;`* *`0-1 knapsack problem`*|
|0438|[ Find All Anagrams in a String](./0438_all_anagrams_in_a_string/all_anagrams_in_a_string.go)|Easy|*`sliding window`*|
|0447|[Number of Boomerangs](./0447_number_of_boomerangs/number_of_boomerangs.go)|Easy||
|0454|[4Sum II](./0454_4sum2/4sum2.go)|Medium||
|0455|[Assign Cookies](./0455_assign_cookies/assign_cookies.go)|Easy|*`greedy algorithm`*|
|0674|[674. Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence](0674_longest_continuous_increasing_subsequence/lcis.go)|Easy||
|0704|[Binary Search](0704_binary_search/binary_search.go)|Easy|*`binary search`*|
|0713|[713. Subarray Product Less Than K](0713_subarray_product_less_than_k/spltk.go)|Medium|*`sliding window`*|
|0717|[717. 1-bit and 2-bit Characters](0717_1_bit_and_2_bit_characters/1bitand2bitc.go)|Easy||
|0728|[Self Dividing Numbers](./0728_self_dividing_numbers/self_dividing_numbers.go)|Easy||
|0747|[Largest Number At Least Twice of Others](./0747_largest_number_at_least_twice_of_others/largest_number_at_least_twice_of_others.go)|Easy||
